Hello UTB psycho artur and today
We will be vidosik on UAZ 111
in fact this video was supposed to
to leave for a long time planned to release it
at that moment when
played this fight in which I actually
took the master on the UAZ in a hundred
eleventh
but it so happened that did not work out
I kind of sip a vidos at the time
here than i was terribly busy there see
trips in Minsk all there and then
something else and somehow this vidos
postponed sediment to you well and by the end and
still decided to post
here's a little bit to tell you the right zico
this 111 then all the same
and did not actually make his conclusion on
all this marathon which is already
held unequivocally long ago but still
In a random, I meet a lot of these
UAZ here and I see that people are really on
they roll and make mash at random
and the mash is done for a reason we say so
tanchika actually well i'm real at
shocked how good he is
purely ttx that were provided
which I considered which I thought
this is complete crap that's real by
compared to how it is tanchiki on
It is played and it is played as 112 which
just put the plantain that is all
what was bad in 112 everyone improved here
but the only thing of course is that
corners slightly worsened pickup that's
the only compromise is everything else
only really better this vase q
it would in principle give the level of battles
that he played against a dozen even with
given his bad suck through the be baomi
but its characteristics are real with interest
compensate for this
the disadvantage is that he has bad angles
crosstalk and there breaking through 175 grams of minutes like
would anyone be really shooting at him
lips minutes to the people who are there who
no prim tanks which
here they need to farm, but I can
This tank was mined in order to
him fill the statka and be fan of fan
in the cut-off level of fighting that's well Say
even filed a dozen of this 250
orbit accumulating stone and would be enough but
if 75 sledgehammer punching with such
distances that is seven would be shed and
weave would break
Here for example in my hangar consists
vazik studios 14 9 levels
fine he copes with tanking
Today, for example, I rode on it
well I just borrowed yes not
breaks as if it is ricochets
really surprised by this body and
most caterpillars are surprised because
that you look at them like that here
here is the distance between the rinks should be
Well, how is more fig yes by
compared with features but in fact it
those rollers those distances this model
the powder we see as if they did not
tied to real non hitbox with
real model on which they shoot and
sort of looking but nothing special
but in reality, there are some poly
a couple of millimeters there a couple of millimeters
here how are these hitboxes and
so this tanchik in the board is just
ohrenet how often does not break it in
caterpillars I had a whole bunch
situation but
which I notice exactly on the ninth
level nine vase movie here this though
did not skate on it
in fact, only seven fights but these blue
fights enough for me to understand that this
the car just tear it all here it was
so real and just shit
pipets and really armor of this tank me
saved just ohrenet like him
the number of situations here have been so important
his advantage is exactly the form
caterpillars and caterpillar shapes and even with
the fact that he would have less
armored what 112 ricochet on more often
you know why because stria
But in the second, there's this and Zaman
in which not only did he not strike golda
of 3
which essentially acts like a troika
that is, here it is, if I
I'll draw a line here on such
lines about no longer there, as it were VFD
There are these screens there and when 112
they just don't go there because they see
solid sheet with a good slope here
nose put us there once fell here
20 vld understand that she does not break through and
there just are not trying to shoot there
turrets vyselivat or n l n l d
here on ice float that is
They see everything that's here now is supple
body shape and thought that with a break him
wold
and do not pierce do not really pierce
plant growth terraces and this crap
Well that's really ricochets do anything
you can't do
the same thing happens at the ninth level
look at you like so think
there is no armor and they throw me as if offhand
I notice for myself that I seem to be used to
the fact that a long time ago
This vazik start give him vld
bounce and think dohrena threw in vld well
why the heck could you aim that is
Here is the fact that the armor seems to be
so supple really makes her well
as if allowing her to tank
Paradoxically it sounded but I think
what's really vazik 190 this is real
machine that can keep the rest
good and
fucking awesome and I decided in honor of
that he is such an entire aunt on him at once
ride because well two identical
prem tank it is of course fun here but not
so it would be so cool
I decided that on 112 I will roll back a thousand fights
Now I have there 500 something poison ride on
him a thousand
and stop rolling on the twelfth
and then begin to roll on here it's 111
last couple shot i'm creepy here
I sfeylil by three T34 as well, just
already chased before i can faster
lyustrirovat master wait but on the very
business of these four 1900 quite
enough especially for the first days when of these
arose a lot was not
here is not too much experience should have been
principle of us thriller he was nines
quickly and simply and even with the proviso
what I gotta go was though okay there was
with a 10 thousand discount on anyway i'm on
farm that is even in minus this car
doesn't go with such wasteful in
using gold but what about people
bb format
owners earn money too
Uazikov 111 write in the comments
and tell us about Susana
how do you this car is it really
met your expectations that's true
what they told you today
it did not look unfounded to people
could read comments may
really wakodo another experience he
because I was faced with such an opinion
that was no bad he does not hate
I like it here but for some reason I have
the impression is possible
of course due to the fact that a good crew
Feast forged and I would use the fire
but in the end it is precisely these impressions
I stayed from driving this tanchika
thanks for watching who liked this
video class and subscribe to
my channel not to miss new
vidosiki all good luck